# AutomaticQPGen

Automatic Question Paper Generator is a project that generates questions papers for both Continous Internal Evaluation and Semester End Examinations using questions from the database (entered by the teacher) for a given set of rules. THe features include:

# Administrator

1. Can add a new faculty.
2. Can assign a subject to a faculty for a particular academic year.
3. Can add a new evauation to the database. (CIE/SEE)
4. Add new courses and update syllabus for the same.
5. Generate various reports including subeject composition in the questions database, level of difficulty composition, Update history, Login History, etc.,
6. Approve a questions paper generated by the faculty for a particular evaluation.
7. Add another administrator.
8. Add Course Outcomes to courses.

# Faculty

1. Add / Edit questions for his/her course.
2. Generate a new question paper for an evaluation specified by the Administrator. (CIE/SEE).
3. Refer to previously generated papers for his/her course.
4. Check the syllabus of his/her courses.
5.Check course outcomes of his/her courses.

#Security Aspects 

1. Questions are encrypted using AES-256 bit encryption.
2. Passwords are hashed using MD-5 hashing algorithm
3. Update/Login History
4. re-Captcha from Google
5. Session-timeouts

#How to use?

1.Uses LAMP stack (preferably.However, runs in XAMPP as well)
2. Copy the files into /var/www/html folder (in Linux-based systems) or Xampp htdocs folder.
3. Change the paths accordingly in the php files.
4. Import .sql file into the MySQL database. Use the name - Question_Paper_Generator. Username and password for MySQL database have to be changed accordingly.
5. Run the welcome.php from localhost.



